---
kind: article
created_at: 30 August 2016
title: "Robots for schools, knowledge for children"
excerpt: "Robots for elementary schools of Serbia."
author: Natasa Vujicic
image: 20/robots.jpg

layout: '/blog_single.html'
---

IN2 has been developing software for 25 years.


Yet, we still learn through 450 large-scale projects led by 12 companies in 5 countries of the region. Most of our projects include implementations of Microsoft Dynamics ERP, CRM, Oracle ERP, EPM and BI systems and development of in-house solutions for public sector, financial institutions and commercial enterprises.

We employ more than 600 employees from various fields and we grow on monthly basis, but still manage to retain an informal, creative atmosphere we have been recognized for.

Most of all we are proud of our continuous effort to share our success with the community through social responsibility programs.

Therefore, we are using this opportunity to invite you to join us in donation of programmable robots to elementary schools of Serbia. Robots are for children 7-14 years old to enjoy the hands-on experience of programming, electronics, and robotics. As an IT company, we believe that every school should be able to align teaching programs with modern technologies. In order to do that schools need help in didactic tools and a light push in the right direction. We strongly believe that companies of Serbia should step up and help it happen.

Robotics and automation are ideal tools for entry into the world of science, technology, engineering and mathematics in which our school system is slightly deficient … so, be a pal, join us, make a change, donate J

It is easy, just send an email to [natasa.vujicic@in2.rs](natasa.vujicic@in2.rs) and she’ll her take it from there.

And remember – each and every donation is priceless since it helps children build self-esteem and nurtures their imagination.



Thank you!
